# 4/12 Meeting

* Fixed image on the about page and worked on final touch ups with the menu CSS
* Discussed what kinds of graphs we need/want to implement into our project
    * We ruled out network analysis
    * Will begin with bar graphs, decided how we will divide these up into 
* Need to cite the photo in the comments of the HTML page, definitely include it in our full citations list 
* For next week:
    * Grace - 
        * Work on java with the toggle menu
    * Autumn - 
        * Fix imagery menu/position
        * Begin development of the graphs
        * Fix feature meta element
    * Joy - 
        * Work on a pop-up menu
