<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/jpg" href="icon2.png"/>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="index.css"/>
        <title>Conclusion</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1><strong>Imágenes de Natalia</strong></h1>
        <h2><em>Natural Imagery and Identity in the Music of Natalia Lafourcade</em></h2>
        <section>
            <!--#include virtual="toc.xhtml" -->
        </section>
        <h2>Our Conclusion</h2>
        <p>From the data collected through our markup and the visualizations on the Analysis page, the prominence of earth imagery is evident throughout our corpus of songs. The connection between earthen images and identity largely present as a connection to one's homeland which is often symbolized through references to both the ground and all that you may reap from it. Our hypothesis as to why earth imagery is more prevalent than others such as air and water is that earth is fixed where other elements are transient and is therefore a more solid foundation upon which to base some part of your identity, a process which can be thought of as establishing "roots". Space imagery is the next most prominent throughout all three albums, which can be connected to the piety common in Latin American countries as celestial bodies often take on grander significance than simply their existence in the night sky. Spirit imagery served as a measure of the general amount of blatant self-reflection found in each song, thus its high relative occurrence in the latter two albums both assert the presence of the subject of self while also granting greater eminence to the imagery types that are frequent in those two albums as they are likely to co-occur based on sheer numbers.</p>
        <p>Not every song seeks to make a clear statement about identity or to make such a statement with natural images; as in most musical selections, there are songs about love and loss that stick with the usual, largely emotionally based, themes and images. Even so, our exposure to the selected songs and subsequent analysis show a clear pattern of both the primacy of natural images and their relationship with assertions and descriptions of self-identity in Natalia Lafourcade’s music.</p>
        <h2>Sources</h2>
        <p>All lyrics were acquired through Genius. The image of Natalia Lafourcade on the About page is from billboard.com. Our favicon image is from PNGkey.</p>
        <h3>Our group wants to say a big thank you to our project mentor Marion and Professor Birnbaum for their guidance and availability throughout the process of our project.</h3>
    </body>
</html>