<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="index.css"/>
        <title>Imágenes de Natalia</title>
        <link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/jpg" href="icon-crop.jpeg"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1><strong>Imágenes de Natalia</strong></h1>
        <h2><em>Natural Imagery and Identity in the Music of Natalia Lafourcade</em></h2>
        <section>
            <a href="toc.xhtml"/>
            <a href="index.xhtml">HOME</a>
            <a href="about.xhtml">ABOUT</a>
            <a href="songs.xhtml">SONGS</a> 
            <a href="analysis.xhtml">ANALYSIS</a>
            <a href="conclusion.xhtml">CONCLUSION</a>
        </section>
        <aside>
            <p>
                <em>This website is a project for the Spring 2021 section of Computational Methods in the Humanities 
                    at the University of Pittsburgh taught by Professor David Birnbaum.</em>
            </p>
            <h3>Team Members</h3>
            <p>
                <em>Autumn Moore</em> is an undergraduate Anthropology major at the 
                University of Pittsburgh who is also pursuing minors in Linguistics and Spanish. 
                Her love of Natalia Lafourcade's music is what initially drove the group to 
                select their research topic. She marked up the most recent album, Un Canto por México 
                Vol. 1, and acted as the final check of how the Spanish text was interpreted.
            </p>
            <p>
                <em>Joy Gimei</em> is an undergradutate Information Science major at the 
                Univeristy of Pittsburgh with a minor in Spanish. She loves analyzing music and has a passion 
                for the Spanish language, so when Autumn suggested that Natalia Lafourcade as the artist they 
                should dive into, she was totally on board. She marked up Musas Vol. 1 and assisted the team 
                with the website design.
            </p>
            <p>
                <em>Grace Hutchinson</em> is an undergraduate Statistics and Information Science major 
                at the University of Pittsburgh. Although unknowledgable in the language of Spanish, her love for 
                music in general sparked her interest in this project on Natalia Lafourcade. She marked up Musas 
                Vol. 2 and assisted the team in website design.
            </p>
        </aside>
    </body>
</html>